Add note for how to specify subpath import regex to README (#243)
IanVS/prettier-plugin-sort-imports: README.md

import App from './App';
```

##### 5. Group subpath import style local aliases

> If you define non-relative aliases to refer to local files without long chains of `"../../../"` via [subpath imports](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports), you can include those aliases in your `importOrder` to keep them grouped with your local code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [subpath imports](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports) (local imports starting with "#"), you can include those in your `importOrder` to keep them grouped with your local code, perhaps just above your relative imports, as shown below.
```

import App from './App';
```

##### 7. Group subpath import style local aliases

> If you define non-relative aliases to refer to local files without long chains of `"../../../"` via subpath imports, you can include those aliases in your `importOrder` to keep them grouped with your local code.

Reviewer: It might be nice to use this as an opportunity to teach devs about subpath imports as well, maybe with a link to the node.js docs.  And maybe we can reword this to be a bit less copy-paste from the aliases above?   I can take a crack at a "suggestion" if you'd like.

Author: Certainly please provide a suggestion 👍
